Add the ability to define the Crowdin branch name manually (#20)
mollie/crowdin-cli: README.md

"crowdin:delete-branch": "mollie-crowdin delete-branch"
```

> ## Branch name

Reviewer: In order to not confuse it with the Git branch name

```suggestion
## Crowdin branch name
```

By default the `@mollie/crowdin-in` uses the current git branch name for the syncing to the Crowdin branch. It is possible to override that by defining a `CROWDIN_BRANCH_NAME` environment variable in the `.env` file

```shell
CROWDIN_BRANCH_NAME={your-branch-name}
```

> 

Reviewer: Shouldn’t this rather be a flag for the respective command, rather than an env var?

Reviewer 2: Same here, would expect this to be `--branch=master`. The tool has Crowdin in the name, so I think we can be concise 😊

Author: Thanks. What you both say makes perfect sense. I've changed it to be instead a `--branch-name` (or `-b`) option that you can pass to the `upload`, `download` and `delete-branch` commands.
```shell
mollie-crowdin download --branch-name my-custom-branch-name
```

> By default the `@mollie/crowdin-cli` uses the current git branch name for the syncing to the Crowdin branch. It is possible to override that by passing a `--branch-name` option (or `-b` ) to the `upload`, `download` and `delete-branch` commands. For example, the following command will collect and upload the translations to a branch named `custom-branch-name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `@mollie/crowdin-cli` will create a branch in Crowdin with the same name as the currently checked out branch in Git. It is possible to override this behaviour by passing a `--branch-name` option (or `-b` ) to the `upload`, `download` and `delete-branch` commands. For example, the following command will collect and upload messages to a branch named `custom-branch-name` in Crowdin.
```
